README.md, before:

leave — Inverted rm(1) command
===

[![GitHub Actions Workflow Status bagde](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/kdkasad/leave/ci.yml?logo=github&label=CI)](https://github.com/kdkasad/leave/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Codecov badge](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/kdkasad/leave?logo=codecov&color=%23F01F7A)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/kdkasad/leave)
[![License badge](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kdkasad/leave?color=blue)](COPYING)

`leave` is an inverted `rm` command. It removes everything in the current directory except the files given as arguments.

Example:
```
$ ls
main.rs other.rs test.rs
$ leave main.rs
$ ls
main.rs
```

# Install

Install from Git sources using Cargo:
```
$ cargo install --git https://github.com/kdkasad/leave
```

# Usage

```
$ leave --help
Usage: leave [OPTIONS] [FILES]...

Arguments:
  [FILES]...  Files to leave present

Options:
  -C, --chdir <DIR>  Run as if started in <DIR>
  -r, --recursive    Recursively delete directories and their contents
  -d, --dirs         Delete empty directories
  -f, --force        Don't check for arguments that are likely to be mistakes
  -h, --help         Print help
  -V, --version      Print version
```

# License

Copyright (C) 2025 Kian Kasad ([@kdkasad])

Leave is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

Leave is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
Leave. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

[@kdkasad]: https://github.com/kdkasad

Commit message:

Add release installation methods to README

README.md, after:

leave — Inverted rm(1) command
===

[![GitHub Actions Workflow Status bagde](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/kdkasad/leave/ci.yml?logo=github&label=CI)](https://github.com/kdkasad/leave/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Codecov badge](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/kdkasad/leave?logo=codecov&color=%23F01F7A)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/kdkasad/leave)
[![License badge](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kdkasad/leave?color=blue)](COPYING)

`leave` is an inverted `rm` command. It removes everything in the current directory except the files given as arguments.

Example:
```
$ ls
main.rs other.rs test.rs
$ leave main.rs
$ ls
main.rs
```

# Install

There are three ways to install `leave`.

## 1. Pre-built binaries
You can download pre-built binaries from the [releases page].

[releases page]: https://github.com/kdkasad/leave/releases

## 2. From source (latest release)
Install the latest release using Cargo:
```
$ cargo install leave
```

## 3. From source (Git)
Install from the latest Git revision using Cargo:
```
$ cargo install --git https://github.com/kdkasad/leave
```

# Usage

```
$ leave --help
Usage: leave [OPTIONS] [FILES]...

Arguments:
  [FILES]...  Files to leave present

Options:
  -C, --chdir <DIR>  Run as if started in <DIR>
  -r, --recursive    Recursively delete directories and their contents
  -d, --dirs         Delete empty directories
  -f, --force        Don't check for arguments that are likely to be mistakes
  -h, --help         Print help
  -V, --version      Print version
```

# License

Copyright (C) 2025 Kian Kasad ([@kdkasad])

Leave is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

Leave is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
Leave. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

[@kdkasad]: https://github.com/kdkasad
